Ensure users can run more than one workspace (#1628)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/installation-guide/partials/proc_configuring-namespace-strategies.adoc

WARNING: `CHE_INFRA_KUBERNETES_NAMESPACE` and `CHE_INFRA_OPENSHIFT_PROJECT` are legacy variables. Keep these variables unset for a new installations. Changing these variables during an update can lead to data loss.

[IMPORTANT]
====
To run more than one workspace at a time:

1. Remove the limit of concurrently running workspaces per user:

ifeval::["{project-context}" == "che"]
* For Helm Chart deployments: set the `.global.workspace.number` parameter to `-1`.
endif::[]

* For Operator deployments: set the `spec.server.cheCustomProperties.CHE_LIMITS_USER_WORKSPACE_RUN_COUNT` variable of the CheCluster Custom Resource (CR) to `-1`.

> 2. For `common` PVC strategy configure persistent volumes to use `ReadWriteMany` access mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use `per-workspace` or `unique` PVC strategy. To use `common` PVC strategy configure the persistent volumes to use `ReadWriteMany` access mode.
```

WARNING: `CHE_INFRA_KUBERNETES_NAMESPACE` and `CHE_INFRA_OPENSHIFT_PROJECT` are legacy variables. Keep these variables unset for a new installations. Changing these variables during an update can lead to data loss.

> WARNING: Only one workspace in the same {orch-namespace} may be running by default. See xref:installation-guide:run-several-workspaces-at-a-time.adoc[].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
WARNING: By default, only one workspace in the same {orch-namespace} can be running at one time. See xref:installation-guide:run-several-workspaces-at-a-time.adoc[].
```
